Documentation + improve usage of Mindee client (#60)
mindee/mindee-api-java: docs/java-getting-started.md

* `inference` — [Inference](#inference)

#### Inference
Regroup the prediction on all the pages of the document and the prediction for all the document.
* `documentPrediction` — [Document level prediction](#document-level-prediction)
* `pages` — [Page level prediction](#page-level-prediction)

#### Document Level Prediction
The Response object for each document type has an attribute that represents data extracted from the entire document. It's possible to have the same field in various pages, but at the document level only the highest confidence field data will be shown (this is all done automatically at the API level).

```java
Document<InvoiceV4Inference> invoiceDocument = 
  documentClient.parse(InvoiceV4Inference.class, documentToParse);
// print the complete object
logger.info(invoiceDocument.toString());

// print the document-level info
logger.info(invoiceResponse.documentPrediction.toString());

// print the page-level info
logger.info(invoiceResponse.documentPrediction.toString());

```

Each inference specific class will have its own specific attributes, which correspond to the various fields extracted from the document.

#### Page Level Prediction

> The `pagesPrediction` attribute is a list of `prediction` object, often of the same class as the [`documentPrediction` attribute](#document-level-prediction).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `pagesPrediction` attribute is a list of `prediction` objects, often of the same class as the [`documentPrediction` attribute](#document-level-prediction).
```

> But sometimes, it could have a different class which will extends the `documentPrediction` class.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
But sometimes, it could have a different class which would extend the `documentPrediction` class.
```
